Wow! Congrats on getting your Web application up and running.
The best part about this Web app,
is that you can repurpose it for future analysis,
and then share your results with the world.
Let's recap what you've learned.
First, you practice using the front-end languages,
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Then, you saw how a framework like Bootstrap,
makes front-end Web development much easier to accomplish.
Next, you made visualizations using Plotly,
which is one of the most popular libraries for displaying charts on the Web,
and finally, you created a back-end using Flask,
and then deployed your Web app to the Internet.
Great work.
Make sure to include the Web app as part of your professional portfolio,
and share it with your friends, family, and colleagues.
It's a nice way to show off your software engineering skills.